Cut a box of cookies outside
A pack of White Rabbit toffee
Recipient 0 yuan
Yingziqing has evidence
Sugar is his
Okay, I can now prove that I have candy and cookies.
So how do you prove it's yours?
Then you can only prove that you have candy and cookies.
You ate yours. It's mine.
Right, right, right, right, right, right.
Comrade Li Yuan has proven
Present evidence quickly
Tell me what marks are on the jadeite jade.
Xue Hong and Xiaoxia have both seen me receive packages.
Besides, it's not your turn to be a bad guy talking here
Who claims that the matrix is correct?
Don executes except for the execution in the same room as you
What else do you eat him for?
Documentary evidence to buy sugar cookies and jadeite
It's not enough to walk in and have proof
Then I have nothing to say
Just like cookies and sugar
Even the emerald is his, right?
I misunderstood, okay?
Wait a minute Tang Zhixian
You just want to leave?
I don't care, okay? But I care
I lost a 10 bucks.
I now suspect that what's in your box is stealing from me.
Pardon me?
If you have a $10 bill in your box
That was me!
Ningyuan, what nonsense are you talking about?
This 10 bucks is mine.
Do you have that much money?
My relatives send me things from rural households
Of course I live
But
Who stole who?
Words are unfounded
Do you have any evidence?
Yeah, do you have any evidence?
Or if you ask him for the money, he will promise you?
How dare you rob?
It has my name on it.
This is what I wrote for fear of losing money.
Will he agree if I ask him?